README.md, before:

<div>
  
![header](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=Waving&text=Hello,I'm+Baki👋&height=180&fontAlignY=40&color=timeGradient&fontColor=ffffff&fontSize=60)

<br />

<p align="center" display="inline-block">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SpringBoot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=SpringBoot&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white">
</p>

Hi there! I'm a Backend Developer who loves digging deep into the core of every problem! (•̀ᴗ•́)و ̑̑<br>
I don’t settle for surface-level understanding—I keep diving until I truly grasp the underlying principles.<br>
- Growth Mindset: I’m not afraid of trial and error. Every mistake is a stepping stone, and every challenge is a chance to grow.
- Consistency: I believe that steady progress—no matter how small—builds the path to becoming a solid engineer. 🚀

## 🧩 Open Source Contributions
- <h3><a href="https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot">spring-projects/spring-boot</a></h3>

  - Support repeatable `--environment` option for `bootBuildImage`   
  spring-projects/spring-boot#48792  
  
  - Allow beans created in `MockRestServiceServerAutoConfiguration` to be replaced by user-provided alternatives   
  spring-projects/spring-boot#48825


<div align=center>


<!--
**HuitaePark/HuitaePark** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
//
Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with MCP Server guide and cleanup
Removed outdated sections and added new guide for MCP Server.

README.md, after:

<div>
  
![header](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=Waving&text=Hello,I'm+Baki👋&height=180&fontAlignY=40&color=timeGradient&fontColor=ffffff&fontSize=60)

<br />

<p align="center" display="inline-block">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SpringBoot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=SpringBoot&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white">
</p>

Hi there! I'm a Backend Developer who loves digging deep into the core of every problem! (•̀ᴗ•́)و ̑̑<br>
I don’t settle for surface-level understanding—I keep diving until I truly grasp the underlying principles.<br>
- Growth Mindset: I’m not afraid of trial and error. Every mistake is a stepping stone, and every challenge is a chance to grow.
- Consistency: I believe that steady progress—no matter how small—builds the path to becoming a solid engineer. 🚀

## 🧩 Open Source Contributions
- <h3><a href="https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot">spring-projects/spring-boot</a></h3>

  - Support repeatable `--environment` option for `bootBuildImage`   
  spring-projects/spring-boot#48792  
  
  - Allow beans created in `MockRestServiceServerAutoConfiguration` to be replaced by user-provided alternatives   
  spring-projects/spring-boot#48825

- <h3><a href="https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-ai">spring-projects/spring-ai</a></h3>
  
  - Add a guide for accessing HTTP headers in the MCP (Model Context Protocol) Server.  
  spring-projects/spring-ai#5414
  
<div align=center>
